[ML] Adding docs for the unified inference API (#118696)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/inference/chat-completion-inference.asciidoc

For built-in models and models uploaded through Eland, the {infer} APIs offer an alternative way to use and manage trained models.
However, if you do not plan to use the {infer} APIs to use these models or if you want to use non-NLP models, use the <<ml-df-trained-models-apis>>.

[discrete]
[[chat-completion-inference-api-request]]
==== {api-request-title}

`POST /_inference/<inference_id>/_unified`

`POST /_inference/chat_completion/<inference_id>/_unified`

[discrete]
[[chat-completion-inference-api-prereqs]]
==== {api-prereq-title}

* Requires the `monitor_inference` <<privileges-list-cluster,cluster privilege>>
(the built-in `inference_admin` and `inference_user` roles grant this privilege)
* You must use a client that supports streaming.

[discrete]
[[chat-completion-inference-api-desc]]
==== {api-description-title}

The chat completion {infer} API enables real-time responses for chat completion tasks by delivering answers incrementally, reducing response times during computation.

> It only works with the `chat_completion` task type for OpenAI and Elastic Inference Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It only works with the `chat_completion` task type for the `openai` and `elasticsearch` {infer} services.
```

Author: Good idea, one heads up the `Elastic Inference Service` (EIS) is actually different from the Elasticsearch service. EIS is called `elastic` and Elasticsearch is called `elasticsearch`. Also we don't have docs for EIS yet but we need them.

[NOTE]
====
The `chat_completion` task type is only available within the _unified API and only supports streaming.
====

[discrete]
[[chat-completion-inference-api-path-params]]
==== {api-path-parms-title}

`<inference_id>`::
(Required, string)
The unique identifier of the {infer} endpoint.

`<task_type>`::
(Optional, string)
The type of {infer} task that the model performs. If included, this must be set to the value `chat_completion`.

[discrete]
[[chat-completion-inference-api-request-body]]
==== {api-request-body-title}

`messages`::
(Required, array of objects) A list of objects representing the conversation.

> Requests should generally only add new messages from the user (role `user). The other message roles ("assistant", "system", or "tool") should generally only be copied from the response to a previous completion request, such that the messages array is built up over the course of a conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests should generally only add new messages from the user (role `user`). The other message roles (`assistant`, `system`, or `tool`) should generally only be copied from the response to a previous completion request, such that the messages array is built up throughout a conversation.
```
